Just today I heard two people give the same naive scaling advice: divide products into independent pieces for different teams to work on.  This advise is very common and it illustrates a widespread blind spot in the Agile coaching and training community.  

Pre-dividing products would appear to make life easier for Scrum Teams.  But in the big picture, it actually *reduces* the product development organization's agility:

* Deciding up front which teams will work on which parts is _big up front prioritization_.  It adds friction to future re-prioritization, resulting in some teams doing work out of priority order.  Please see [Large Organization Software Development Misconception #2: Are All Teams Working On Equal Value Stuff?](/misconception-2-all-teams-are-working-on-equal-value).
* When teams only see a narrow view, we put the important problems in the space of traditional management methods rather than team self organization.  Please see [Large Organization Software Development Misconception #3: Should Our Team See A Narrow View Or A Whole Product View?](/misconception-3-should-our-team-see-a-narrow-view-or-a-whole-product-view).
* Customers want integrated products and solutions, not pieces that don't fit together.  Please see [Large Organization Software Development Misconception #4: Will Parts Made By Different Teams Fit Together By Magic?](/misconception-4-will-parts-made-by-different-teams-fit-together-by-magic/)
* It reduces team learning about the world outside their "own code."  Please see [My Code, Your Code. Private code policies considered harmful to agility.](/my-code-your-code/)
